so in here I've got the pastry for my
tart or some flour butter and salt so as
we're making a really short pastry it's
very important to make sure that we get
all of the flour coated with the butter
and what that does is the fat actually
stops all the gluten in the flour from
bonding too much and it meets our
pastries gonna be lighter and more
crumbly now when it looks like this it's
nice and sandy in texture we're ready to
add the rest of the ingredients now here
I've got some icing sugar vanilla just
slice of lilliput in half just scrape
the seeds out and add them to the bowl
vanilla works really well with height
butter pastry here's some lemon zest so
how do that in finally eggs here I've
got two whole eggs and two yolks then we
need to combine all of the ingredients
work as quickly as possible
once were the ingredients have been
mixed together the dough will look like
this at this point we need to wrap it in
cling film and place it in the fridge
for half an hour so that the butter can
harden up and also the gluten will relax
and matt'll mean that when we come to
roll the pastry out it'll be less
elastic and make for much lighter pastry
case to roll the pastry out flour a
large sheet of parchment paper
place the pastry on top dust with more
flour take a rolling pin that you've
chilled in the refrigerator and push
down on the pastry turning it as you go
continue to roll the pastry flat moving
the pin from the center out when the
pastry is about one centimeter thick
dust with more flour and place a second
sheet of parchment paper on top keep
rolling
aiming for the thickness of about five
mil at this point I'm just gonna pop it
on a board and stick it in the fridge
for half an hour after the pastry has
rested wind it onto a rolling pin unwind
the pastry over a buttered and floured
28 centimeter tart tin gently push the
pastry into the base and edges of the
tin line the pastry case with the sheets
of parchment paper
but first scrunch it up this will help
it lay better instead of baking beans I
prefer to use coins with metal on the
bottom and the top you'll get a nice
even cook as the pastry are filling the
different cooking times start your tart
case off early bake it for 15 to 20
minutes in a hundred and fifty degree
centigrade oven I really wanted to
accentuate the nutty character that I
found in golden syrup so in here I've
got some butter pans on medium heat and
you can hear that it's sizzling now what
we're doing is bringing the temperature
up and all the castings and proteins in
the bus are gonna start cooking
it's very soon develop this wonderful
nutty aroma as soon as the sizzling
stops remove the pan from the heat
meanwhile we can finish the filling now
in here I've got some cream eggs and
salt I'm gonna add to this so wholemeal
bread crumbs this is just slices a
wholemeal bread that have been processed
in the bender some lemon juice and some
lemon zest we set echoes a zest we put
in the pastry over here I've got some
golden syrup I've just heated it gently
it's in order to make it more liquid
will be easier to mix with the other
ingredients I'm gonna add that to the
breadcrumb mix
finally the nutty butter pour into the
mixture straining the brown bits mix
well to thoroughly combine the butter
transfer to a junk to make it easier to
pour now half fill the casing and
transfer to the oven then add the rest
of the filling you'll find it easier
this way with less chance of spillage
bake for an hour at 150 degrees
centigrade